Update OpenTelemetry doc to include the pganalyze tracestate (#204)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: opentelemetry/traceparent.mdx

When performing manual instrumentation, these instrumentations won't be enabled
automatically. To have better tracing spans around the queries, it is
recommended to enable instrumentations related to ORMs and/or database drivers.

> ## Add pganalyze tracestate

Reviewer: Maybe we should prefix (optional) here, to make it clear this is a nice to have? (vs part of the standard instructions)

```suggestion
## Add pganalyze tracestate (optional)
```

When the Postgres database has limited precision in its `log_line_prefix`
timestamp, timing data of spans exported by pganalyze may not line up with other
spans exported by the application.
This issue will typically occur with Amazon RDS and Amazon Aurora, which
currently do not allow changing the timestamp precision of the
`log_line_prefix` (it's always set to`%t:%r:%u@%d:[%p]:t`).

To workaround this, you can use the `pganalyze` tracestate and pass the query
start time with it. You can learn more about the tracestate in OpenTelemetry
document [TraceState](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/trace/api/#tracestate) section.

> The pganalyze tracestate should use the `pganalyze` key, and the value being a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pganalyze tracestate should use the `pganalyze` key, with the value being a
```

semicolon separated list of key-value pairs such as:

```
pganalyze=key1:value1;key2:value2
```

Currently, `t` is the only supported key-value pair to specify the query start
time.

| key | value |
|-----|-------|
| t   | The start time of query. Unix time in seconds, with decimals to specify precision down to nano seconds |

### Rails 7+

> Assuming that you already have the traceparent setup with Rails 7+, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming that you already have the traceparent set up with Rails 7+, you can
```

append the tracestate tag like the following:

```ruby
config.active_record.query_log_tags = [
  :application,
  :controller,
  :action,
  :job,
  {
    traceparent: -> () {
      current_span = ::OpenTelemetry::Trace.current_span
      return if current_span == ::OpenTelemetry::Trace::Span::INVALID

      span_context = current_span.context
      trace_flag   = span_context.trace_flags.sampled? ? '01' : '00'
      format(
        '00-%<trace_id>s-%<span_id>s-%<trace_flags>.2d',
        trace_id: span_context.hex_trace_id,
        span_id: span_context.hex_span_id,
        trace_flags: trace_flag
      )
    },
    tracestate: -> () {
      current_span = ::OpenTelemetry::Trace.current_span
      return if current_span == ::OpenTelemetry::Trace::Span::INVALID

      tracestate = current_span.context.tracestate.set_value('pganalyze', "t:#{Time.now.utc.to_f}")
      tracestate.to_s
    }
  }
]
```

### Marginalia

> Assuming that you already have the traceparent setup with Marginalia, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming that you already have the traceparent set up with Marginalia, you can
```
